https://codepen.io/jasonbringle/pen/abbVXqv?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Tags with meaning. Gives meaning to content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
To mark content....assign it a name.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Header tag.  Only use <h1> once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata.... data about data.  <title>, <style>,<link>

    7. What is an id? 
A sector with higher specificity that a .class selector

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

    10. What is a class? 
A selector that assigns attributes to HTML elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
HTML

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add a target="_blank" attribute to the link in <a> tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
To display an alternate piece of information if an omg cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
with a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section assigns meaning to the separated content and groups it together.  A div assigns no meaning outside of what it is contained in it such as a .class.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
To add style.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

You can assign attributes to the same .classes multiple times but id's can only be assigned once to elements and only once on a page.

You could use .class to assign color to some text and then another .class to assign a hover sudo-class to that same class.  An id will only be used once on a page so you could assign color, width, background only to that id as it is assigned only to that specific element....If you wanted a <h2>header</h2> to have an attribute that no other <h2>header</h2> has regardless of how h2{} element selectors in CSS are used then you'd assign it an id='fancy-header'  and then call it with #fancy-header.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It helps to denote the amount of specificity when calling an HTML tag.  It's useful when an element is inside (nested) inside another element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a .class selector with an attribute... like hover:

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height: 80%;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: 3px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: lowercase etc;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* (wild card)

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm    doesn't not confirm wether you want to delete or not.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
To keep 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Once every 20 mins.  Or often!

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git add commit -m “your commit message”

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1. Fork
2. Add PM as a collaborator on Github
3. cd into proper location on computer
4. Clone forked repo (git clone "link of clone")
5. cd "name of repo"
6. branch the repo   git checkout -b firstname-lastname
7. Open Vscode   code .
8. Do work on code
9. Save changes in vscode
10. (Add) Save changes  git add .
11. Commit   git add commit -m 'specific message'
12. Push   git commit origin branch-name
13.Go to GitHub  "Compare and pull request" (make sure you are on your fork ed repo)
14.CHOOSE YOUR FORKED REPO AS YOUR BASE REPOSITORY!
15. Add PM as a reviewer
16. Create pull request.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 